Notice: files in folders "bootpartition" for both client/server and probe
machines MUST be copied manually on each of those machines before
any other operations. Booting partition must be created/allocated on HDD
or USB device connected to those machines and all files from above
mentioned folder must be copied there.
Upon creation of booting partition, it must be done bootable through
syslinux bootloader.
#TODO: the following files in folder EXTRA are copied manually. In case of
"bootpartition" it's inevitable, though with other files - they should
be incorporated into root file system of relevant machines upon stage
of squashfs image creation by FAI. Here the point is that in current
setup the FAI class NETPROBE (root file system) is both for client/server
machine and for probe one itself. Thus some conflict of roles appears when
using some files being the same on these machines. It can be avoided by
creating a new class (NETCLIENT for example) where all these files from
EXTRA/client will be placed (except "bootpartition" of course).
Then build.sh script along with all relevant and dependent ones must be
corrected, as NETSERVER class image will then need ready to use squashfs
image of this new class (besides NETPROBE being already implemented) because
this new class squashfs image must in on web server directory of NETSERVER
class.

EXTRA/client		-files to be copied on client/server machine
			 manually
EXTRA/probe		-files to be copied on probe machine manually
NETPROBE/		-files to be added to root file system of image 
			 being used (downloaded automatically) by probe
			 and server/client machines
NETSERV/		-files to be added to root file system of image
			 being used by router/netboot server machine
NETSIM_DEFAULT/		-files to be added to root file system of all
			 images being used by machines.
switch.cfg		-configuration files for switch hardware being used
			 in test-bed topology. It should be uploaded on the HW
			 through web-interface. Management IP address of the
			 switch is 192.168.16.1
